# python-challenge
My tutor helped me understand the difference between git pull and git push and how to get information from GitBash and Visual Studio to sync with GitHub. He also helped me set up my file to write code in each of the project folders. I learned how to write code so that the python file pulls the correct csv file to pull data from. My tutor also had a great suggestion to create a variable at the end called "Result" (instead of using print function) where I used a function to write out the results. This will save me time at the end because all I have to do is print the result variable and also can call on the result variable to write to my final txt file.
Ask BCS helped me correctly define my first row and previous value. They also helped me understand that I needed to create a list to hold the differences between each month before calculating the average change. I also learned the importance of where I place code. It needs to be outside the loop if I am defining some variables because that only needs to be done once and not everytime the loop goes through each row. However, other variables need to be defined within the loop because they use data obtained when running code each time the loop goes through a new row. Even still, some variables need to be assigned after the loop is complete such as finding the total sum in a list because this only needs to be done once (outside the loop) and can't be done until the loop collects all of the data inside the list. Ask BCS also helped me print the greatest increase/decrease along with the month. 
An internet search helped me find the formating for currency (https://copyassignment.com/format-numbers-as-currency/). I also did an internet search to find out how to get the max of a list (https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/python-list-max-method/)